README.md, before:



 Hello im UpsidedownProduction or know as seedyProduction or know as StoneCode or Whatever is the name of my reddit acoount or whatever i do not care how you call me if you want call me idiot, 
 im a python, css and html dev and i was a modpack creator on modrinth but after a while i decided to close the modrinth project since i din't have time to continue the project. 
 Im in university and im in italy Hi we make great pizza here. 

<h1>-------------------------------------📊 Stats 📊-----------------------------</h1>

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mada748&theme=jolly&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&layout=compact" alt="mada748's GitHub Stats" />
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mada748&theme=jolly&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true" alt="mada748's GitHub Stats" />
<img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=mada748&theme=jolly&hide_border=true" alt="mada748's GitHub Stats" />

<h1>------------------------------------ Projects --------------------------------</h1>

| My Projects                                                                             | Status                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  | ----------------------------------------------------------- |   
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/MinimalBrowser">Minimal Browser                | Stopped main code dev for school reasons                    |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/Simple-CSS-Template">Simple CSS Template</a>   | To be overhalued                                            |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/Ping-online-tester">Ping Online Tester</a>     | PLEASE N-                                                   |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/Progetto-natura">Progetto Natura</a>           | Still alive i guess but im wating for the team to do things |
| <a link href="https://modrinth.com/user/UpsideDownProduction">Modrinth Project</a>      | Im crying                                                   |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/RatCode">RatCode</a>                           | Yeah this is alive after the creation 2 seconds ago         |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/AI-Website-Check">Ai-Website-check</a>         | people who use ai should be eliminated by the slaught-

Commit message:

Update project descriptions in README.md

README.md, after:



 Hello im UpsidedownProduction or know as seedyProduction or know as StoneCode or Whatever is the name of my reddit acoount or whatever i do not care how you call me if you want call me idiot, 
 im a python, css and html dev and i was a modpack creator on modrinth but after a while i decided to close the modrinth project since i din't have time to continue the project. 
 Im in university and im in italy Hi we make great pizza here. 

<h1>-------------------------------------📊 Stats 📊-----------------------------</h1>

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mada748&theme=jolly&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&layout=compact" alt="mada748's GitHub Stats" />
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mada748&theme=jolly&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true" alt="mada748's GitHub Stats" />
<img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=mada748&theme=jolly&hide_border=true" alt="mada748's GitHub Stats" />

<h1>------------------------------------ Projects --------------------------------</h1>

| My Projects                                                                             | Status                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  | ----------------------------------------------------------- |   
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/MinimalBrowser">Minimal Browser                | Stopped main code dev for school reasons                    |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/Simple-CSS-Template">Simple CSS Template</a>   | To be overhalued                                            |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/Ping-online-tester">Ping Online Tester</a>     | PLEASE N-                                                   |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/Progetto-natura">Progetto Natura</a>           | Still alive i guess but im wating for the team to do things |
| <a link href="https://modrinth.com/user/UpsideDownProduction">Modrinth Project</a>      | Im crying                                                   |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/RatCode">RatCode</a>                           | What do you expect me to update it? im not a normal guy     |
| <a link href="https://github.com/mada748/AI-Website-Check">Ai-Website-check</a>         | people who use ai should be eliminated by the slaught-      |
